Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Persian, Munchkin, Bengali, Sphinx
Everyone, do you know what those are?
The right answer is...
Cats~
Meow
That's right, I reeeeally love cats
Speaking about it, I found a cute cat app today
Let's go install and try it!
Install!
Ugh
Yes! Anyways, I want to try my paw at it
Meow?
Yes, well then...
Today we will do an app called "Neko Zusa" (Sliding cat)
We will go slide
We have to purrsue a good distance
Meow?
Maybe a bug entered me when I was installing?
So he's named Catty, right?
*Flick Catty and let's do the approach run!*
Whoosh
Eh?
He's so slow
Ah, because I went over the white line
*If you don't slide before you pass the white line, you're out!*
I understand
The real issue is that he should be faster
This... QUICKLY!
Huh?
Quickly!
So slow, lol
*inhales*
You're slow!
Go for it! Go for it!
Go for it! Go for it! Go for it! Go for it!
Go for it~
You're slow~
At least go faster!
Good, you did-
Encourage...
I’m encouraging you so much
Super encouraging
Go for it! Go for it!
That was no good at all, right?
Even though I was encouraging that unskillful cat...
I have to do it in cat speak, right?
Okay
Meow-eow-eow-eow
Ah, wait, wait
That was fast
Meow-eow-eow… *laughs*
Meow-eow-eow…
A.I.Channeeeel!
I should be able to go a little further
Last time I readily got 4000, so...
As I thought, because we're making a video...
We have to set a new record!
Good. Here we go!
MEOW!
Huh?
Impawssible~!
That timing is way too fast!
Slip!
Eh? So slow...
Good! Ah
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Ooh!
Go for it! Go for it!
Meow-eow-eow-eow...
Meow-eow-eow-eow-eow-eow-eow...
Meow-eow-eow...
Meow-eow...
Meow-eow-eow
I say at least 4000...
MEOW!
Meow-eow-eow-eow...
Meow-eow-eow-eow-eow!
A little bit more...
Good, good, good....
Ah, the last steps...
Regrettable...
Like this!
Ah, well this is a bit...
This isn’t good, it’s not even...
Stop! Stop! Stop!
Slip!
Oh!
Oh! This is...
Don't you think this looks good?
Go for it! Go for it! Go for it!
Meow-eow-eow-eow...
Oho-ho-ho!
Ah, this might not be good
This really is not good, truly
Go for it! Go for it!
Meow-eow-eow-eow...
Encouraging, meow-eow-eow!
Meow-eow-eow!
At least...
A little further... a little further...
AAaah! Disappointing
Nooo!
Follow the love!
Ah, this sort of looks good
This...
This might be...
This might be good...
Don’t you think?
Go for it! Go for it! Go for it!
Ah, now it doesn't look good
Ah! Please~
Why~!
A.I.Channel~
Everyone...
This is our last match...
Well, this time, ehm...
I'll go overboard with pressing "Encourage"
I’ll keep pressing and we'll see how far we can extend it
I think I want to try that
Here we go!
Hoo!
This is a little bad... *laughs*
Hoi!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
It feels like he’s sliding very well
Go for it! Go for it! Go for it!
Meow-eow-eow-eow-eow...
Ah! Ah! Ah!
Meow-eow-eow-eow-eow-eow-eow...
Meow-eow-eow-eow...
Meow-eow-eow-eow-eow!
Ah!
I did it!
I got it!
I did iiit!
*New Record!*
I got it meow
Meow?
I got it...
I got it meow
I got it now, right?
Scratch, scratch, scratch
Well...
As expected of me
For the last, last time, I will purrform
There’s more at the end!
Translated by: Bararo
Mrew?
Mrew!
Mrew!?
Mmm?
Hmm _(-ω-`_)